Update Readme (#12)
Maxihost/dbt_stripe_n: README.md

[![Apache License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0)

> # DBT Stripe 

Reviewer: This should be our new package name. I talked about renaming this. 
Suggestion: dbt_stripe_latitudesh

> This DBT project aims to calculate important financial metrics, such as the MRR, from Stripe data. For such, It utilizes a Stripe DBT package from Fivetran as described below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This DBT project aims to calculate important financial metrics, such as MRR, from Stripe data. This project is a fork of [fivetran/dbt_stripe](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_stripe). Calculation of metrics is highly opinionated but it can hopefully serve as a starting point for other implementations.
```
